                         INRIA and Microsoft
     Individual Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") v1.0
           http://www.mitls.org/licenses/miTLS_icla.txt

Thank you for your interest in the miTLS project, owned and managed by
the Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et Automatique
("INRIA") and Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft"), together "Project
Owners". In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted
with Contributions from any person or entity, the Project Owners must
have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been
signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms
below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as
the protection of the project, the Project Owners, and its users; it
does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any
other purpose. If you have not already done so, please complete and
sign, then scan and email a pdf file of this Agreement to
legal@mitls.org. If necessary, send an original signed Agreement to
Centre de Recherche Commun INRIA-Microsoft Research, Campus de l'ecole
polytechnique, batiment Alan Turing, 1 rue Honore d'Estienne d'Orves,
91120 Palaiseau France. Please read this document carefully before
signing and keep a copy for your records.

  Full name :_________________________________________________________________
  (optional) Public name:_____________________________________________________
  Mailing Address:____________________________________________________________
                  ____________________________________________________________
  Country:____________________________________________________________________
  Telephone:__________________________________________________________________
  E-Mail:_____________________________________________________________________

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your
present and future Contributions submitted to the Project Owners. In
return, the Project Owners shall not use Your Contributions in a way
that is contrary to the public benefit. Except for the license granted
herein to the Project Owners and recipients of software distributed
by the the Project Owners, You reserve all right, title, and interest in
and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions. "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or
legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this
Agreement with the Project Owners. For legal entities, the entity
making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are
controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are
considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this
definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to
cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract
or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including
any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is
intentionally submitted by You to the Project Owners for inclusion
in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by the
the Project Owners (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written
communication sent to the Project Owners or its representatives,
including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing
lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that
are managed by, or on behalf of, the Project Owners for the purpose
of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that
is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as
"Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to the Project Owners and to
recipients of software distributed by the Project Owners a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly
display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your
Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to the Project Owners and to
recipients of software distributed by the Project Owners a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except
as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use,
offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You
that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by
combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such
Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent
litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the
Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory
patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity
under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as
of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above
license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that
you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you
have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that
employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your
Contributions to the Project Owners, or that your employer has
executed a separate Corporate CLA with the Project Owners.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original
creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You
represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details
of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not
limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are
personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your
Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions,
except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide
support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation,
You may submit it to the Project Owners separately from any
Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of
any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are
personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on
behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify the Project Owners of any facts or
circumstances of which you become aware that would make these
representations inaccurate in any respect.

Please sign: _______________________________________ Date: ______________________



In addition to Your signature above, please initial one of the boxes below: 

___ I am employed by someone else, and per Section 4 above, my
employer, by signing below, agrees to be a party to this Agreement,
and the defined term "You" includes my employer.

Employer Name (Individual or Company): ______________________________________ 
Signature: _________________________________________
By: _________________________________________
Title: _________________________________________ 
Date: _________________________________________ 

___ I am employed by someone else, and my employer, by signing below,
waives any rights it may have to my Submissions by virtue of my having
created it during the term of my employment (including by virtue of
any contract with my employer). If signed below, the defined term
"You" does not include my employer.

Employer Name (Individual or Company): ______________________________________ 
Signature: _________________________________________
By: _________________________________________
Title: _________________________________________ 
Date: _________________________________________

___ I am not employed by anyone (other than myself) and have sole
rights to my Submissions.

If you have multiple employers, please attach a signature page for
each of the employers.

